Add my cat map (#15)
FortuneStreetModding/CommunityMaps: CatMap/README.md

# Cat Map

> I wanted to make a cute cat map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> I wanted to make a cute cat map.

Author: I wanted to make a cute cat map.

You can only reach the bottom whiskers with a balloon, but if you can make it, the cyan district becomes powerful.
Beware getting stuck on the eyes!

## Screenshots

![cat.frb](cat.png)

## Features

| Map Properties    | Value      |
| ----------------- | ---------- |
| Initial Cash      | 2240       |
| Target Amount     | 32000      | 
| Base Salary       | 320        | 
| Salary Increment  | 240        | 
| Maximum Dice Roll | 8          | 
| Looping Mode      | No Looping | 

## Prerequisites

> - Needs to replace a map that supports cannons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Needs to replace a dragon quest themed map.
```

Author: I wouldn't word it exactly like this. I think I remember enjoying the theme most when it replaces Yoshi's Island, despite the graphical glitches on the 2 way doors. Will say 

- Needs to replace a map that supports cannons.
- Should replace a dragon quest themed map to avoid graphical glitches when using the 2 way doors.
